README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.pracujwunii.pl/">
    <img src="https://www.pracujwunii.pl/assets/img/logo/logo-icon.png" width=64 height=64>
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Sebastian Hnatyk - pwu code samples</h3>

  <p align="center">
    Pracuj w Unii (pwu) is a platform for entrepreneuers to search and find employees 
    <br>
    in Central & Eastern Europe and learn about employment across the EU.
    <br>
    <a href="https://www.pracujwunii.pl/"><strong>Visit website &raquo;</strong></a>
  </p>
</p>

<br>

## pwu-gulp-task-sample1.js
Sample of gulp task for producing final .css assets used on website. It takes Sass files from specified project directories, compiles them to clean CSS with flat file structure. Additonally for production environemnt it adds proper CSS prefixes to support cross-browser compatibility and minifies the file size to improve page load.

## pwu-js-module-sample1.js

## pwu-js-module-sample2.js

## pwu-sass-mixin-sample1.scss

## pwu-sass-module-sample1.scss

Commit message:

new code sample descriptions
*added for js-module-sample1
*added for js-module-sample2

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.pracujwunii.pl/">
    <img src="https://www.pracujwunii.pl/assets/img/logo/logo-icon.png" width=64 height=64>
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Sebastian Hnatyk - pwu code samples</h3>

  <p align="center">
    Pracuj w Unii (pwu) is a platform for entrepreneuers to search and find employees 
    <br>
    in Central & Eastern Europe and learn about employment across the EU.
    <br>
    <a href="https://www.pracujwunii.pl/"><strong>Visit website &raquo;</strong></a>
  </p>
</p>

<br>

## pwu-gulp-task-sample1.js
Sample of gulp task for producing final .css assets used on the website. It takes Sass files from specified project directories, compiles them to clean CSS with flat file structure. Additonally for production environemnt it adds proper CSS prefixes to support cross-browser compatibility and minifies the file size to improve page load.

## pwu-js-module-sample1.js
Simple module, which helps dealing with Google Analytics events on the website. Events give information about the effectiveness of online business and marketing campaigns. It parse JSON file, where the events are defined in a simple format, binds them to proper elements and actions of a single page. If a desired action occurs, it sends unique information about that event to Google Analytics service.

## pwu-js-module-sample2.js
Module responsible for configuration and use of Image Carousel external plugin. It has default options and element selectors, which can be overwritten in a simple way. Extending this module helps define different types of Image Carousels, which can be reusable across whole project (for a good practice of DRY rule). 

## pwu-sass-mixin-sample1.scss

## pwu-sass-module-sample1.scss
